Automatically Merge Blendshape (#1300)
anatawa12/AvatarOptimizer: .docs/content/docs/reference/trace-and-optimize/index.md

{{< /hint >}}

Currently the following optimizations are applied automatically.
- `Automatically Freeze BlendShape`\

>   Automatically freezes BlendShapes which are always the same value or unused in animation, etc.

Reviewer: この説明が誤解を生んでいたのは事実だけれど、無くさないほうが良い気もする(他のは若干説明入ったりしてるので)

Author: 下みたいに By scanning animation etc., って追加さたほうがいいかな？

Reviewer: かもしれない?

Author: じゃあそうしようか

>   Optimizes BlendShapes. Remove, freeze, or merge BlendShapes to reduce the number of BlendShapes.

Author: ```suggestion
  By scanning animation etc., remove, freeze, or merge BlendShapes to reduce the number of BlendShapes.
```

Author: @Sayamame-beans こんな感じかな

Author: たしかに。良さそう
